[develop] Deprecate the CYCL_HRS configuration setting. (#411)
ufs-community/ufs-srweather-app: docs/UsersGuide/source/Introduction.rst

   |                           | simultaneously for each cycle in the experiment. Cycle directories |
   |                           | are created to contain cycle-specific files for each cycle that    |
   |                           | the experiment runs. If ``DATE_FIRST_CYCL`` and ``DATE_LAST_CYCL`` |

>    |                           | are differenti element in the ``config.sh`` file, more than        |
>    |                           | one cycle directory will be created under the experiment directory.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |                           | are different, more than one cycle directory will be created under |
   |                           | the experiment directory.                                          |
```
